[#228] Add Project Dependencies document (#271)
nimblehq/ios-templates: .github/wiki/Project-Dependencies.md

> To simplify setup for developers new to the application, as well as having a reliable build system that is also able to run past builds again in a reproducible fashion. The creation and set up of a new project will be faster and safer requiring only the language runtime (`Ruby`) and dependency manager installed as prerequisites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simplify setup for developers new to the application, as well as having a reliable build system that is also able to run in a reproducible fashion. The creation and set up of a new project will be faster and safer. It will require only the language runtime (`Ruby`) and dependency manager installed as prerequisites.
```
I don't think we run past builds again but reproducible 👍  I think it's lengthly as an introduction so I tried to separated the sentences

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/nimblehq/ios-templates/pull/271/commits/9db8df6e06b41151e5d0e99e502d821e1bd8ea48

 The project normally contains:

> - Fastlane: is the easiest way to automate beta deployments and releases for the `iOS` (also `Android`) applications. 🚀 It handles all tedious tasks, like generating screenshots, dealing with code signing, and releasing the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fastlane: is the easiest way to automate beta deployments and releases for the `iOS` (also `Android`) applications. 🚀 It handles all tedious tasks, such as generating screenshots, dealing with code signing, and releasing the application.
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/nimblehq/ios-templates/pull/271/commits/9db8df6e06b41151e5d0e99e502d821e1bd8ea48

> - Cocoapods: manages dependencies for Xcode projects. Cocoapods aims to improve the engagement with, and discoverability of, third-party open-source Cocoa libraries. Developers need to specify the dependencies in a file named `Podfile` only. Cocoapods recursively resolves dependencies between libraries, fetches source code for all dependencies, and creates and maintains an Xcode workspace to build the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cocoapods: manages dependencies for Xcode projects. Cocoapods aims to improve the engagement with, and discoverability of, third-party open-source Cocoa libraries. Developers only need to specify the dependencies in a file named `Podfile`. Cocoapods recursively resolves dependencies between libraries, fetches source code for all dependencies, and creates and maintains an Xcode workspace to build the project.
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/nimblehq/ios-templates/pull/271/commits/9db8df6e06b41151e5d0e99e502d821e1bd8ea48

> - Swift Package Manager: This is a tool for managing the distribution of Swift code. It’s integrated with the Swift build system to automate the process of downloading, compiling, and linking dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Swift Package Manager: a tool for managing the distribution of Swift code. It’s integrated with the Swift build system to automate the process of downloading, compiling, and linking dependencies.
```
To keep the same format with other tools.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/nimblehq/ios-templates/pull/271/commits/9db8df6e06b41151e5d0e99e502d821e1bd8ea48
